Generic Targets

	help
	targets
	    Print summary information about available targets.

	usage
	    Print this text and exit.

Package Building Targets:

	all (or no arguments)
	    A pseudonym for the separate targets (in the order shown): dirs,
	    symlinks, depend, and package (each described below).

	dirs
	    Creates statically configured directories. This feature is used
	    most often when a package contains empty directories which should
	    not be committed to CVS. By default, DIRS is not configured.

	symlinks
	    Creates statically configured symbolic-links. This feature is used
	    most often when a package contains symbolic-links which should not
	    be committed to CVS. By default, SYMLINKS is not configured.

	depend
	    Copies statically configured file dependencies from source to
	    destination when the source exists and is newer than the
	    destination. This feature is used most often when a package
	    contains files in-common with one or more releases for other
	    Operating Systems. By default, DEPEND is not configured.

	forcedepend
	    Like depend, but forces the copying of all configured file
	    dependencies. Useful when you want to make sure that your local
	    tree is up-to-date with the latest external dependencies. Unlike
	    depend, if any dependency source file is missing an error is
	    generated causing premature termination.

	package
	    Compiles PLIST into +CONTENTS and packages up the source directory,
	    producing a compressed tar archive in the current working directory
	    named appropriately given the name provided in the PLIST file.

Package Maintenance Targets:

	clean
	    Delete generated files, statically configured symbolic-links and
	    directories that were created previously.

	distclean
	    Performs a clean (see above) and then deletes compressed tar
	    archives in the current working directory.

Git Maintenance Targets:

	pull
	    An alias for `git pull'.

	tag
	    Tag current git revisions with an appropriate tag given the package
	    name and version in the MANIFEST file.

	forcetag
	    Like tag but force tagging of files even if already tagged at a
	    lower revision with the same tag.

	taglist
	    List tags for the given package name in the MANIFEST file.

Git Addition Targets:

	commit
	    An alias to `git commit'.

	import
	    Import current working directory to git.

